As long as :只要
	as long as IClassFactory's VTable defines its first three memebers as QueryInterface, AddRed, and Release, that's ok.

get hold of:抓住，取得
	Now we need to look at how a program gets hold of one of our IExample objects.

do so:	这么做
	i refuse to do so.

on behalf of:为了...的利益， 代表
	It's not really the program that loads our DLL.	Rather, the operating system does so on behalf of the program when the program calls CoGetDLLClassObject.
	
that's the case: 确实是这样，这样的话
	If the only thing passed to the function is that pointer, then you simply put THIS in parentheses. That's the case for the AddRef and Release functions.

so that: 以便
	I will give you all the facts so that you can judge for yourself.

as well as: 也，又
	She is a talented musician as well as being a photographer.

works for: 对...起作用
	Getting up early really works for my healthy.

to be sure: 诚然，无可否认
	To be sure, this is a weird macro, and it's the way mostly to define a COM object so that it works both for a c complier as well as a C++ complier.

all set: 准备就绪。
	Paste our two GUID macros into this include file, and we're all set.

feed to: 供应给，向...提供食物
	Here's our DEF file, which must be fed to the linker.

be pleased to: 对……高兴地从事……，做……感到愉快
draw upon: 利用
	You will be pleased to know that i receive a small percentage of the prive you pay for each book.That money helps me pay my rent and feed myself, and enables me to write more books in the future.


in doing: 在干...时
	In writing this book, i've drawn upon some of my earlier writing about c# and the .NET Framework.

adept at: 熟练与，精于
	It is certainly not a tutorial for learning the language, but a great book to read after you've become adept at C# programming.

be well aware: 清楚认识到
a waste of time: 浪费时间
	I am well aware that you'll probably eventually be coding for graphical enviroments, and that you might consider learning about character-mode programming to be a complete waste of your time.

mess around with: 胡闹，瞎搞，乱动
	Don't mess around with sharp knives.
	The big difference that veteran programmers will discover is that c# does not require you mess around with pointers.

at the very least: 至少，一点，丝毫（加强语气）
	At the very least, you'll be disabused of the notion that you need the powerful reources of Visual Studio to compile every .NET program you'll ever write.
	

marshal: 元帅， 司仪，典礼官， 整理整顿
	the general marshalled his troops.
	Zhukov was a marshal of the former Soviet Union.

	