per se :自身，本质上
	This tutorial does not discuss how to create a DLL per se, so if you're unfamiliar whith that, then you shourd first read a tutorial about DLLs.


dictate: 命令，规定
	Microsoft also dictate that we must add a function to our DLL called DllGetClassObject.

comprise: 组成，构成，由...组成
	the country comprises twenty states.
	this single breed comprises 50 percent of the swiss cattle population.
	This could be modeled in an object-oriented implementation by a "person object" with "slots" to hold the data that comprises the entry:the person's name, a list of phone numbers, and a list of addresses.


essentially: 本质上，基本上
	It essentially removes the registry keys that RegIExample created. 

bypass: 旁路，旁道
	CoCreateInstance directly returns our IExample, bypassing the need for us to get the IClassFactory.

remainning: 剩下的
	In the remainning files, search and replace the string IExample with the name of your own object.

refinement: 改进，改善，提炼，精华，优雅...
	All programs have bugs and need endless refinement.

draft document: 草案
	TR1 is not a standard itself, but rather a draft document.

accustom: 使习惯于
	I have accustomed myself to working long hours.
	Accustoming yourself to c++.

federation: 联邦，同盟

view: 视
	View C++ as a federation of languages. 视C++为一个语言联邦

groovy:	很帅的，极好的

erode: 侵蚀，腐蚀
	Waves eroded the shore.	

distorted: 扭曲的
ditort:	扭曲，弄弯

typewriter: 打字机

fancy: 爱好，迷恋，想象力


evident: 明显的，显而易见的
	It si evident that smoking is harmful to health.
	It soon become evident that this Chapter Zero would be very long.

profound: 深度的，深切的，深远的，深奥的，意味深长的。
	He has a profound knowledge of mathematics.
alas: (主 诗 文 或 幽默)哎呀，唉（表示悲痛、遗憾或关心）
	Alas, my love, i must leave now.
	These other books aren't free, alas.

draw: 抽取，抽出，利用....
	Some of the later chapters were drawn from appendices of that book.


adept: 熟练于，精于
	He is an adept mechanic.
	She is adept at cooking.

mechanic: 技工，机修工
	The mechanic repaired my car.

subtle: 微妙的，难以描述的，难以分析的。巧妙的，精妙，精湛的。
	There are many subtle and interesting aspects of .NET programming that Richter's book explore in much more depth than you'l find in the pages ahead that i've written.
rudiment: 基础，基本原理，雏形，萌芽。
	She taught the girls the rudiments of reading and writing.
	Because this book is intended to teach C# and the rudiment of .NET...

applicable: 相关的，使用的。
	The character-formating techniques you learn here are directly applicable to graphical programming as well.
infuatructure: 基础设施
	The CLS and CTS are in turn part of the Common Language Infrasture(CLI).


resemble: 长得像，类似于
	some people resemble their dogs
	The program is genarally compiled to a processor-independent intermediate language that resembles machine code.

veteran: 老兵，退伍军人，经验丰富的人
	a veteran of two world wars.
	The big difference that veteran programmers will discover is that c# does not require you mess around with pointers.

incorporate: 包含，收入
	C# incorporate much of the basic expression and statement syntax of C.

relegate: 降职，降级，把....至于次要地位
interoperability: 互用性，协同工作的能力，可交互并利用西信息的.
	they aim to prevent women from being relegated to a secondary role.
	Tranditional C-like pointers are supported in C# syntax, but they are normally relegated to interoperability with existing code.


disabuse: 使（某人）醒悟；去除（某人）错误的想法
	he quickly disabused me of my fanciful notions.
	At the very least, you'll be disabused of the notion that you need the powerful reources of Visual Studio to compile every .NET program you'll ever write.

AKA： also know as 又称


persona: 表面形象，人格面貌
	her public persona.
	
notation: 标记，符号
	music has a special system of notation.
	json: javascript object notation.
